README.md, before:


Overview

A multi-page web app built with vanilla HTML, CSS, and JavaScript for the NTWIST frontend assignment, showcasing semantic markup, responsive design, and clean code.

Pages

Contact Form (index.html):

Fields: Name, Email, Message, optional star rating (1–5).
HTML5 validation (required, email type, name pattern, message length).
Tracks time spent filling form.
Shows confirmation and clears form on submit.
Styled with centered card, hover effects, and animations.


Sortable List (sort.html):

Displays hardcoded list of names.
Button to sort alphabetically using JavaScript (no page reload).
Styled as a card with hover effects on list items.


FAQ Accordion (faq.html):

Expand/collapse FAQ sections using HTML <details> (no JavaScript).
Styled with card layout, custom arrows, and hover transitions.


Features

Responsive Design: Flexbox layout, fixed sidebar (desktop), full-width on mobile.
Sidebar: Fixed 250px width, dark theme, hover animations.
Star Rating (Bonus): 1–5 star widget on form with hover animations.
No Layout Shift: Smooth transitions for buttons, links, and stars.
Modern UI: Clean typography (Inter), card layouts, shadows, consistent colors.

Commit message:

Updated with Features and Clone Repo

README.md, after:


Overview

A multi-page web app built with vanilla HTML, CSS, and JavaScript for the NTWIST frontend assignment, showcasing semantic markup, responsive design, and clean code.

Pages

Contact Form (index.html):

Fields: Name, Email, Message, optional star rating (1–5).
HTML5 validation (required, email type, name pattern, message length).
Tracks time spent filling form.
Shows confirmation and clears form on submit.
Styled with centered card, hover effects, and animations.


Sortable List (sort.html):

Displays hardcoded list of names.
Button to sort alphabetically using JavaScript (no page reload).
Styled as a card with hover effects on list items.


FAQ Accordion (faq.html):

Expand/collapse FAQ sections using HTML  (no JavaScript).
Styled with card layout, custom arrows, and hover transitions.


Features

Responsive Design: Flexbox layout, fixed sidebar (desktop), full-width on mobile.
Sidebar: Fixed 250px width, dark theme, hover animations.
Star Rating (Bonus): 1–5 star widget on form with hover animations.
No Layout Shift: Smooth transitions for buttons, links, and stars.
Modern UI: Clean typography (Inter), card layouts, shadows, consistent colors.


How to Run


Clone the repo:
git clone https://github.com/your-username/ntwist_frontend_assignment.git

Navigate to directory:
cd ntwist_frontend_assignment

Open index.html in a browser.
Use sidebar to navigate to other pages.
